From Bradley Evans:

Because Lab 1 and 2 were prepared largely together, the following is a repeat
of the report submitted for Lab 1. All of this accurately applies to both
projects.

Much of the challenge in completing this project was learning the new, specific
syntax needed by the Atmel software. Much of the time spent working on this was
downloading, installing, configuring, and familiarizing ourselves with the IDE.
After this, it was a matter of learning the syntax used by the ATMega32 device,
especially what built-in variables are pointing to (PORTA vs PINA, when to use
each, how to describe a specific bit in the 8-bit inputs and outputs, etc). My
partner was able to get up and running much more quickly than I was able to, so
he was much more helpful to me than I was to him. Once setup was done, the code
was actually very easy to implement, so we both collaborated on when to use
different approaches to the code (if we should use a ternery operator here or
an if statement there, for example).

Bradd Carey also established a github repo for us to collaborate more
efficiently, which will greatly enhance our ability to work together.

From Braddley Carey:

The project was just familiarizing ourselves with the program and lab structure.
Learning C from C++ was an easy task and only required a small amount of research.
After a small amount of practice with C and a bit of collaboration on a coding
format (so that our code would appear consistent and easy to troubleshoot
by the other partner) we dove into the problems.  No major issues were 
encountered in this lab, although some interesting concepts encountered with 
perserving and initializing ports that had both inputs and outputs.  It was more 
or less copy and paste from the examples and trying to establish patterns.  

Evans set up a collaborative Cloud 9 IDE to connect my github repo so we could 
code more effectively as a team.  On Wednesday the TA was only able to get
through six groups for demoing before the end of the lab time, so our goal
is to stay a lab ahead of the class so we can demo ASAP, instead of being far
down on the list and having to go to office hours to demo.